# README
## A little about the project
Welcome to my personal site. I built this website to showcase some of the projects I've worked on recently. I wanted the site to be dynamic, so I'd be able to quickly add content in the future. I toyed with the idea of each project having its own page with a longer description, but ultimately decided that people looking at the projects probably don't care to read an entire page's worth about each one, so I'm challenging myself to keep the descriptions short enough to fit on a card. I might change it later. Not sure. 

Anyway, the site is built on the MEAN stack. I used Angular Material to give it the good ol' Material Design feel, and a whole lotta flexbox to get things in the right place. I'm new-ish to flexbox, so I'm not sure if I used it according to best practices. 

This app was generated using [FSG](https://github.com/FullstackAcademy/fsg), a fantastic generator built by [Joe Alves](https://github.com/joedotjs).

## Usage
Anyone can use this as a template for their own site -- the only static content on the site are the picture of myself, the description, and the links to my social media. Those can be swapped out and the rest is added dynamically. 
### Local Development 
To build the app, make sure you have [Node](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [Mongo](https://docs.mongodb.com/manual/installation/?jmp=footer) installed, and [Gulp](https://github.com/gulpjs/gulp/blob/master/docs/getting-started.md) installed globally. Once that's good to go, go into your shell, clone this repo, then navigate into the folder. Inside, run `npm install && gulp build`. Once that process finishes (can take 10ish minutes), open up a second terminal tab, still inside the folder. In the first tab, run `npm start` and in the second, run `gulp`.
### Deployment
I've found it pretty painless to deploy on Heroku. To do this, you'll need to install the [Heroku command line tools](https://devcenter.heroku.com/articles/heroku-command). Once you have that installed and you've logged in, you need to create a remote Heroku instance by by writing `heroku create`. This will give you the URL at which you can access your site. Now you have to push it to the remote machine. To do so, ensure that you're on your master/production-ready branch, and then run `git push heroku master`. It will take a few minutes to push everything up. Once it's done pushing and building, you have to set up your environment variables. If you don't have any special integrations, all you have to set is your remote database and your session secret. I used mLab for this project, which is pretty easy. Create an mLab databse, and then add a database user. You can name both whatever you'd like. On the homepage of the database, you should see something like `mongo ds012345.mlab.com:21979/your-db-name -u <dbuser> -p <dbpassword>`. Replace the relevant data with your own. Ultimately, you should have something that looks like this: `mongo ds012345.mlab.com:21979/daniels-test-db -u danielisawesome -p supersecretpassword`. Copy that. In your terminal, run `heroku config:set MONGOLAB_URI=`+ the string with the database info you just copied. Then you need to set your session secret. It can be whatever you want, though the default is `Optimus prime is my real dad`. When you've come up with something original, set it by writing `heroku config:set SESSION_SECRET=`+whatever you want. Great, at this point your site should be deployed and ready for use. If you hit any issues please let me know (but check your logs first! :)).

## License
MIT License
